# Introduction

## :trophy: A3.3 Learning activity

- Software architecture through C4 modeling.


___

### :pencil2: Development

1. Create the following diagrams for the case study:
    - 1. Context diagram.
    - 2. Container diagram.
    - 3. Component diagram.
    - 4. Class diagram.

##### :clipboard: [Diagrams](https://github.com/KevinPimienta/AAvanzado-de-Software-KACPC/blob/main/docs/C4%20model.pdf)

___

## Conclusions 

*  **Bernal Arellano Roberto:** C4 modeling is so usefull when we try to give a simple way to understand how a system works (this in the first level: context) and then we can do an "expansion/zoom in" to the next level where we explain how the platform and DB interacts with other platform components to people more experienced, then we can do other "zoom in" where we can explain the technologies that are implied in our system functionality. The last level is optional to include but its usefull because here is described the way our features are related with each other.
  
*  **Cisneros Acosta Jose Enrique:** Following up on the topic of Scrum and its tools, we have been able to give continuity to our project and now we use the C4 model is an excellent tool to share ideas and clearly transmit the system to be built, thanks to the fact that the diagram can allow us go through certain layers of discovery, discover or set the limits of our service compared to others, and it is a tool that allows us to have a conversation.
  
*  **Pimienta Castillo Kevin Aryam Cristopher:** For this practice we used the C4 model, with which we were able to see The File Hub platform once again from another perspective. The way in which the information has to be presented in this model seems to me the easiest to understand, since it gives a new order and details to diagrams that we had already used previously.

*  **Sandoval Salazar Esmeralda:** In conclusion the diagrams are very useful, when performing any type of project, in the diagrams you can visualize the organization of each of the components either internal or external and the parts that compose it, you can also perform and observe the relationships they have between them.

### :bomb: Rubric

| Criteria | Description | Scoring |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Instructions | Are each of the items listed in the Instructions section met?  | 10 | 
| Development | Did you respond to each of the points requested in the development of the activity?| 60 | 
| Demonstration | Is the student presented during the explanation of the functionality of the activity?  | 20 | 
| Conclusions | Is a personal opinion of the activity included for each of the team members? | 10 | 

:house: [Github](https://github.com/KevinPimienta/AAvanzado-de-Software-KACPC)